_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: ML/AI Bioinformatics

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: 

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
#social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---
Boston-based ML/AI bioinformatician, and both a Marine Corps and Peace Corps veteran. 

I am all about tinkering, tuning, efficiency, excellence.  After years of lab-based work in [protein engineering](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.bioconjchem.7b00668), I jumped on the [computational train](https://open.bu.edu/items/f152dd51-429f-4703-be07-eddcdb51919f). I work with Boston-based biopharmaceutical startups, architecting multi-omics data pipelines to make protein property predictions. 

I learned about Machine Learning and AI architecture in graduate school, but have found that there are huge gaps between studying ML/AI in the classroom and actually building useful ML/AI for real-world applications. I write about closing that gap on my [blog](/blog).

For consulting inquiries, [email me](mailto:eli.mcpherson@protonmail.ch). 

Also, I like to roast [coffee](https://www.papercranecoffeeroasters.com/) quite a bit.

Commit message:

resume updates and some others

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: ML/AI Bioinformatics

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: 

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
#social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---
Boston-based ML/AI bioinformatician, and both a Marine Corps and Peace Corps veteran. 

I am all about tinkering, tuning, efficiency, excellence.  After years of lab-based work in [protein engineering](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.bioconjchem.7b00668), I jumped on the [computational train](https://open.bu.edu/items/f152dd51-429f-4703-be07-eddcdb51919f). I work with Boston-based biopharmaceutical startups, architecting multi-omics data pipelines to make protein property predictions. 

I learned about Machine Learning and AI architecture in graduate school, but have found that there are huge gaps between studying ML/AI in the classroom and actually building useful ML/AI for real-world applications. I'm slowly writing about some of my experiances on my [blog](/blog).

For consulting inquiries, [email me](mailto:eli.mcpherson@protonmail.ch). 

Also, I like to roast [coffee](https://www.papercranecoffeeroasters.com/) quite a bit.
